Add description on what is not possible with the free license (#78)
retest/docs: docs/review/usage/reports.md

In the top left corner of the test report, above the navigation for the differences is a box with check marks for different type of elements. By using them you automatically ignore all elements of that type. Below that box is another check mark to filter every accepted/ignored (green) elements from the navigation tree. If you want to manage your ignores manually you can do so by configuring the [`retest.ignore` file](../../recheck-web/tutorial/setup-recheck.ignore.md) in your favorite text editor.

## Using review with free license

If you did not purchase a standard or higher license yet, some functionalities are not available in the free license:

> 1. You cannot accept or ignore changes directly in the GUI. The checkboxes are disabled, but if you wish to maintain your Golden Master you can still use the [***recheck.cli***](https://docs.retest.de/recheck.cli/setup/) which is entirely free.

Reviewer: > The checkboxes are disabled

They should not be displayed at all.

> 2. You cannot open local files. The `Open local file`-Button will be disabled and if you open a report directly via file association or through your IDE, review will start in home screen with an error message, telling you to buy a license for this feature.

Reviewer: > or through your IDE

This is not possible, since the user does not have access to the review code

> 2. You cannot open local files. The `Open local file`-Button will be disabled and if you open a report directly via file association or through your IDE, review will start in home screen with an error message, telling you to buy a license for this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You cannot open local files. The "Open local file"-Button will be disabled, file association and starting review over the terminal via `review path/to/tests.report` will not load the passed report.
```
